Fix Cloudflare Pages command for Solid (#7155)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/little-lamps-provide.md

> ---
> "create-cloudflare": minor
> ---
> 
> fix cloudflare pages command for solid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
"create-cloudflare": patch
---

fix invalid preset config on the experimental solid template
```
